AHTUNG!

This project exists only besause the fact it was created when i3blocks
was not created. This is the only reason I still use it. Take
i3blocks. It's better.




DESCRIPTION

i3s is a program that was made to replace i3status in the i3 window
manager.



Original i3status had some irresolvable issues, such as:

* Leak of functionality

All you can do with i3status is to configure plugins that are
available in a precompiled binary (original i3status is written in
C). If you want to modify the view of some existing fields, you must
recompile it.

* Difficult to add new filed and simultaneously use the ability of
i3bar to color them

i3status developers suggest you to use a script that pipes i3status
output and add there some new text. And it's easy with plain-text of
course, but if i3bar protocol uses json format to color messages. So
with pipes it's hardly possible to new color fields.




I understand that i3status was written to minimize the number of
syscalls. But most of us have perfect CPUs and we don't need it. We
do need functionality. This is why this project was started.

i3s is designed to be very flexible to extend and customize. It's
written in bash and all this script do is read configuration and run
plugins in some order.

Configuration is a file ~/.i3s.conf which is sourced by script. You
can specify the order of plugins to run in variable USE_PLUGINS. Do it
this way:
USE_PLUGINS="ram load time"

Plugins are shell-scripts too. There're some conventions. Plugin with
name <plugin> must be stored in file "<plugin>.sh" and provide
function "i3s_<plugin>". All the confuguration variables used in this
plugin must be uppercase and start with "<PLUGIN>_". F.e. plugin "ram"
must be stored in file "ram.sh", provide function "i3s_ram" and have a
configuration variables like "RAM_HIGH_COLOR".



I'm ready to accept patches and new plugins. The file TODO.org has a list
of prospective things it would be nice to see in i3s.
